ARM Templates - Custom Script (#59)
likamrat/azure_arc: azure_arc_servers_jumpstart/docs/arc_policies_.mma.md

> # Overview

Reviewer: fix file name 
arc_policies_.mma.md > arc_policies_mma.md

> The following README will guide you on how to use Arc for servers to assign Azure Policies to VMs outside of Azure, wether they are on-premise or other clouds. With this feature you can now use Azure Policies to audit settings in the operating system of an Azure Arc connected servers, if a setting is not compliant you can also trigger a remediation task. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following README will guide you on how to use Azure Arc for servers to assign Azure Policies to VMs outside of Azure, whether they are on-premises or other clouds. With this feature you can now use Azure Policies to audit settings in the operating system of an Azure Arc connected servers, if a setting is not compliant you can also trigger a remediation task. 
```

> The following README will guide you on how to use Arc for servers to assign Azure Policies to VMs outside of Azure, wether they are on-premise or other clouds. With this feature you can now use Azure Policies to audit settings in the operating system of an Azure Arc connected servers, if a setting is not compliant you can also trigger a remediation task. 

Reviewer: Be explicit about the fact you are doing this again a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) server instance

> 
> In this case we will assign a policy to audit if the Azure Arc connected machine has the (Microsoft Monitoring Agent) MMA agent installed, if not, we will use the extensions feature to automatically deploy it to the VM, an enrollment experience that levels to Azure VMs. This approach can be used to make sure all your servers are onboarded to services such as: Azure Monitor, Azure Security Center, Azure Sentinel, etc. 
> 
> You can use the Azure Portal, an ARM template or PowerShell script to assign policies to Azure Subscriptions or Resource Groups. In this guide, you will use an ARM template to assign built-in policies. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this case, we will assign a policy to audit if the Azure Arc connected machine has the (Microsoft Monitoring Agent) MMA agent installed, if not, we will use the extensions feature to automatically deploy it to the VM, an enrollment experience that levels to Azure VMs. This approach can be used to make sure all your servers are onboarded to services such as Azure Monitor, Azure Security Center, Azure Sentinel, etc. 

You can use the Azure Portal, an ARM template or PowerShell script to assign policies to Azure Subscriptions or Resource Groups. In this guide, you will use an ARM template to assign built-in policies. 

```

* You will also need to have a Log Analytics Workspace deployed. You can automate the deployment by editing the ARM template [parameters file](../policies/arm/log_analytics-template.parameters.json) and provide a name and location for your workspace. Then start the deployment with the command:

    ![](../img/vm_policies/03.png)

    ```bash
    az deployment group create --resource-group <resource-group-name> --template-file <path-to-template> --parameters <path-to-parametersfile>
    ```

# Azure Policies on Azure Arc connected machines

* Now that we have all the requirements set. We can assign policies to our Arc connected machines using these commands. Edit the [parameters file](../policies/arm/policy.json) to provide your subscription ID as well as the Log Analytics Workspace. Then start the deployment with the command: 

    ![](../img/vm_policies/04.png)

    ```bash
    az policy assignment create --name 'Enable Azure Monitor for VMs' --scope '/subscriptions/<subscription_id>/resourceGroups/<resource_group>' --policy-set-definition '55f3eceb-5573-4f18-9695-226972c6d74a' -p "<path_to_json>" --assign-identity --location "<region>"
    ```

> * Once you have assigned the initiative, you will see that it will be evaluated (it may take 30 minutes to run the first scan) and show that the server on GCP is not compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once you have assigned the initiative, you will see that it will be evaluated (it may take ~30 minutes to run the first scan) and show that the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) server instance is not compliant.
```

Reviewer: I think it needs to have a better explanation on the flow. See here:
https://github.com/likamrat/azure_arc/blob/master/azure_arc_k8s_jumpstart/docs/aks_policy.md
